c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.exe.config
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.g.resources
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\WpfForm\MessageForm.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\WpfForm\MessageForm.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.exe.config
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.exe
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.exe
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\WpfForm\MessageForm.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\WpfForm\MessageForm.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.g.resources
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Distributiv\TESTER\TESTER\bin\Debug\TESTER.exe.config
d:\Distributiv\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.exe
d:\Distributiv\TESTER\TESTER\obj\x86\Debug\TESTER.pdb
